Creds management (#53)
fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-hive: example/standalone-vault-provided-creds/README.md

> # Standalone example with vault provided credentials
> 
> Before deploy the module, vault K/V store should contain credentials and policies.
> In current example, all required actions are automated by ansible.
> 
> - [required policy](../../dev/vagrant/bootstrap/vault/post/01-create_vault_policy_to_read_secrets.yml)
> - [required credentials](../../dev/ansible/01_generate_secrets_vault.yml)
> 
> Vault provides credentials for `minio` and `postgres` database via render them directly into nomad job.
> 
> See next section, [modules in use](#modules-in-use).
> 
> Hive is deployed as one instance in [hivemetastore mode](../../docker/bin/hivemetastore).
> At the startup hive will attempt to create required tables in postgres database, if tables are exist, this step will be skipped.
> 
> ## Modules in use
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Standalone example with vault provided credentials
This is a standalone example of Hive that implements the Vault provider to store credentials for Minio and Postgres.
Before deploying the module, Vault K/V store should contain credentials and policies.
In this example, all required actions are automated by Ansible. See the following files for details.

- Required policy [01-create_vault_policy_to_read_secrets.yml](../../dev/vagrant/bootstrap/vault/post/01-create_vault_policy_to_read_secrets.yml)
- Required credentials [01_generate_secrets_vault.yml](../../dev/ansible/01_generate_secrets_vault.yml)

Vault provides credentials for Minio and Postgres, and render them directly into the Nomad job.

Hive is deployed as one instance in [hivemetastore mode](../../docker/bin/hivemetastore).
At the startup, Hive will attempt to create the required tables in the Postgres database, and if tables exist, this step will be skipped.

## Modules in use
```
